something else that you need to know, especially uh, when it's concerning
leaders is that you have to be the role model, and I know that's
cliche, but you have to keep in top physical forum. There'd be sometimes
when I'm when I was a second class or third class and we look
at some of the Chiefs and you know they're around big guys, you know?
And although they're very well respected, obviously, you know, they
became chiefs and and, you know, we go to them all the time for our
problems. Uh, in the back of our minds were just thinking, Well, why
isn't this person in shape that's always at the back of our minds?
As a leader, you have to be the role model. You have to be in the
top 10% of all the runners. You have to be the guy cheering people on.
You can't be the guy that people are worried about, right? Um, even
even though if it might be true, obviously everybody can have their
own problems and stuff, you know. But when you're projecting your
leadership on other people, they have to be the lower ones and going
up to you, and it hasn't always be that way. Um, maintain your military
bearing, right, Uh, for any of the chiefs that that that I've
seen that were wrinkled or creased or something like that, um, you're
always gonna compare them to the hot shot first class that that's
there, and you're gonna make that comparison and you never wanna be
underneath. Ah, first class. Uh, if you if you're a chief for above,
um, if you have a hot shot, then you have to be a hotshot to they have
to see like, Hey, you know what? That chief is the one who made
that first class be that way. So, um, a Sfar is your physicality ous
faras your uniforms assed faras your speech as far as your connection,
whether the people, as far as your quickness to anger all of those,
have to be, um, at the at the top of their game. And I know it's
a lot, but you're gonna have many years to prepare many years to practice,
And they're gonna be other chiefs out there who wanna make sure
that, um, all your tiny little problems, um, are chipped away, edged
away at until you're a military model of a leader